So now that we're able to animate this,
let me also have a look at something else which we haven't covered yet.
Sometimes you want to navigate to a specific part on the page you're navigating to marked with a hash
tag at the end and then the anchor name of some element in your html code which has this anchor
as an ID.
Let me simulate this, for example on the user edit page here,
let's say we do have a div in there and this div does have a height of 700 pixels, so that it needs or so that
it makes sure that we need to scroll.
So we do have this height of this div and below this div, we get some extra data in a paragraph and
this paragraph has an ID of data, let's say.
Now if I go to the edit page, I'm on it right now, you see here's data at the bottom,
if I now enter #data, the browser will automatically jump down there, that's default browser behavior.
Now if we navigate in our application, we first also might want to be able to pass this extra data hash
fragment here
and second, we want to simulate this behavior of jumping down there
or maybe generally, we want to control where the page scrolls to once we navigate.
So we can do this by first having a look at how we can pass this hash segment,
so let's say when we click on user detail here where we already passed the query params,
we're now passing a third parameter here
and this third parameter is now the fragment we want to use.
Now since this is getting rather long here, I will quickly set up a script here and export my javascript
object and store this in a separate property here in my data object,
so here this shall be my link,
let's say
and now here this simply is this javascript object from up here, so I can simply grab the whole object
and enter it here
but now I'll simply restructure this to make it look nicer here so that it's easier to see or to understand
what we're all passing with this object.
So I'd say that looks much better and then I can simply pass the link here,
it is a dynamic binding in the end so I can pass my property which represents this object,
and for this to work, I need to make sure that here I use this route because I'm now inside this vue
instance.
And now with that, I can also pass my hash fragment,
now this simply is a string,
for example hash tag data.
What this will do is that once I go back to my application, to the user page here and I select the user
and click edit user we see hash tag data appended to the end
but what you also noticed is it doesn't scroll down there
but if I were to load this in a browser and come from another page I should say, so if I first go
to home and now enter this, you see it does jump to the end.
Now I want the same behavior with vuejs because right now it doesn't,
so you see how we can pass a hash fragment
but now in the next video, we want to have a look at how we can control the scrolling behavior when we
do navigate to another page.